and what is the middle world like what
is passion what is it this we going in
and we got a lot of features on here we
got game we got prodigy from off deep
knowing why be mr. fab Oh Jim Jones so
is definitely like it's definitely got
some gangsta music on that but then we
got some some Metta World Peace Ron
Artest type music things I don't do yet
hey Mansel then this isn't you this
isn't like a hobby or somebody to say
man I'm famous enough to get these
people on track this is this is really
you though yeah like right now like I
could say it was a hobby but the way
this mixtape turned out right front to
back like I'm so satisfied right but
imagine playing with it like eye candy
and I don't know a gentleman these
people approach you or do you approach
them cuz I mean when you when you won
the championship and you came out with
champion xscape at that time and
performed at powerhouse by the way which
was a very much for did now do people
say oh man he is serious about this let
me go to him or do you report them la
I'm thinking vice versa some people do
come to me and ask me to get only songs
a lot of new artist is always like
coming up to me a lot of young artists
you know we're saying I want to get on
your mixtape you know and then the old
daughter still you know the fe Fe about
me you know but the younger talent is
really coming up to me and saying you
know I like the music oh let's do a song
together which is kind of cool to get
the younger generation still behind we
can't sit here with you meta and not
talk about the infamous elbow yeah
alrighty now the elbow you make a shot
you're celebrating yeah someone gets in
the way and get elbow yeah did you know
that that was about the Union City and
what's my maintain hardy Hardy James
Harden yeah you weren't you weren't
sitting there saying man tonight I'm
going to elbow hard on not at all you
know it's just like get off me you know
and right there was too much it was
definitely too much I think I probably
should have been suspended you know less
games right this is 5477 games and too
much I was just getting in my rhythm
with that last game that we lost cuz you
know proving out played oklahoma i was
getting off i was banging getting to the
bucket and playing defense you know so i
was in mice i was on my a game and then
take all seven games you know game seven
when i got back that was all hard i was
tired a little bit
heart Metta World Peace yeah you're on a
raft okay in the middle of the ocean huh
all right you look in the ocean there's
two people in the ocean but on your raft
you can only pull up one person one yes
always do the city okay all right you
look in the ocean you see coach Mike
Brown AC coach Phil Jackson who do you
pull up to take and that person survives
you going to the next season with that
coach and who do you let you out you son
of a gun lucky this is public radio this
is not exam is retreating like it is say
what you want to say um you know import
i'ma let who do you think it's you that
next oh well Phil can't really walk that
good so i'ma let Phil get on there and
then our pilot might um drag it now only
buddy brown you can only pull up one
yeah on the other brown leaves you
selling to your next ring this is the
next ring that what's what's in that
ocean is coach Mike Brown and coach Phil
Jackson I'll let both friend we're going
to build and I'll just swim no you
cannot today you'll kill yourself do
that diamond I'm not gonna do according
to you Mike Brown's a fat ass
Oh Jessie then I met a career so who do
you who do you to pick up and who do you
let your out this that keep it real with
I'm sorry right man this the
queensbridge why'd you front what you
find yeah I man from Beverly Hills and
who do you let you out I don't have
nobody drought well who do you pull up
and take to that next ring with how
about I pull up feel real quick all
right cuz he got you know that's the old
G and then I tell you the rest of the
story later all right Serena Mike morrow
huh you dedicate the ring to Mike Brown
in watching me in his honor you know try
foundation kidhar that means he's
drowned well as you you say you bring up
your exit not samba to be continued hey
let me ask you this man was it tough to
have direct competition in the city with
the Clippers doing a little bit better
this year because I mean that's a big
change i mean even though you're new to
the city technically but to have two
competitive teams at that the kind of
yeah well i think like you know the
Clippers did well but but the lakers
problem is we just gotta play together
on a consistent basis and once we do
that we have the best team in the NBA
sir everybody knows that everybody
adjust and they got a they play
desperate bascal only playing
installations all these different let me
ask you this man if a haircut costs
twenty dollars you just get a haircut in
the face regular haircut yeah you go pay
twenty dollars okay how much would a
haircut cost LeBron James LeBron James
yeah yeah because you if you go in and
they cut your hair its twenty dollars
how much is a haircut 407 27 no you
think so far less here because they are
fixed Ilana oh boy so you say more work
20 cell yeah definitely more okay okay
okay but you can't mess up because if
you push it back more now as a problem
right okay yo my dude we pushed me back
and further than already years right now
where does he get those headbands made
it those specialists yeah yeah yeah it
look like tube socks is their friendship
boy like you with LeBron or just cuz we
know you got it on the ground cuz living
the brown eye pops it my brother older
brother to 10 years in Fort Dix Oh
LeBron postures in there so that's why
that's why the bronze my dude right now
anybody talk about LeBron avegno ask my
homie lady lady years to get us up so
when the locker room is talking about
LeBron you just stay away that's my do
like you know that's my doing the hell
with hell my big brother down you know
my brother would have helped the hill to
shove it down now for you say four
different dishes a federal prison I
heard a lord-a-mercy new I'm a wallet
yeah we got ahead of world peace in the
neighborhood big boy oh boy